feat: add dynatrace integration to alerting docs [closes DOC-965] (#3451)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/alerts.mdx

    - [PagerDuty Events API v2 Documentation](https://developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2/overview/)
    - [PagerDuty Integration Guide](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/services-and-integrations)
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Dynatrace">
    Configure Dynatrace as a notification channel using Dynatrace's [Events API v2](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/dynatrace-api/environment-api/events-v2/post-event). This integration sends LangSmith alert events to your Dynatrace environment, enabling correlation with your broader infrastructure monitoring.

    **Prerequisites**

    - An active Dynatrace environment (SaaS or Managed)
    - A Dynatrace API access token with the `events.ingest` scope

    If on a custom deployment of LangSmith, make sure there are no firewall settings blocking egress traffic from LangSmith services.

    #### 1. Create an API token in Dynatrace

    1. Log in to your Dynatrace environment
    2. Navigate to **Access Tokens** (under Manage)
    3. Click **Generate new token**
    4. Provide a descriptive name (e.g., "LangSmith Alerts")
    5. Under **Scopes**, search for and enable `events.ingest` (Ingest events)
    6. Click **Generate token**

>     7. Copy the generated token and store it securely. The token is only displayed once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Log in to your Dynatrace environment.
    1. Navigate to **Access Tokens**.
    1. Click **Generate new token**.
    1. Provide a descriptive name (e.g., "LangSmith Alerts").
    1. Under **Scopes**, search for and enable `events.ingest` (Ingest events).
    1. Click **Generate token**.
    1. Copy the generated token and store it securely. The token is only displayed once.
```
